
## Some Code Updates And An Empty Test Project

>Devlog 02.02.24


First off , i know what i said and trust me i meant it when i said there will be tests before any further 
code updates. But you see i kinda have a good reason(or i think id do).

---

There are no test occupying the test project because  there has been certain revelations , revelations 
that is  making  testing most and vital parts of the codebase very difficult. 
I'll attempt  to explain.

**HttpListnerContext**

That's the problem, most of the methods take in the request context and interface with it directly, mutating some
of its properties etc. Now if I'm to test a method that is lets say setting a status code or writing to the output stream, I need
an instance of this. And  from what i discovered today, this is harder than *insert something hard *.

It's a sealed class with no constructor... yes, only way I know  to get an instance is calling the `GetContext` method
on an instance of the `HtttpListner` class after calling the `listen` method. And we can't run a blocking server in our test
classes can we? So yeah bit of a problem on our hand. But as stated above It's difficult but its not impossible.
We'll find  a workaround soon enough. Chin up!.


**The Good news**

is even though i spent a considerable amount combing the internet searching for a solution and disappointedly
finding nothing, I convinced myself to continue with code additions and try to finish it.
So yeah we now have 

- a method that starts a server that will listen for request 
-  also logic in the `SwytchHandler` method which will make sure the right method is called after a request url is matched with the registered ones.

There are also a few things like making sure the request method matches the one the route was registered with and 
if not  a `MethodNotAllowed` response is sent back . Also if nothing matches at all you get hit with a `NotFound`
because we cant help you.Go away.(jk ;))





