## Project update 

> Devlog 21.03.24

It's been 19 days since the last devlog. I may have found some hours withing certain
days to write some minor changes and do some refactoring here and there... nothing major.
I just couldn't find the time to put down some updates on the devlog. Giving the long interval
between the last update and now , this might be short ... this might be long , i 
do not know but 

**Basically**

`Swytch` is at a working version now, YAY!. No but  seriously it felt good when i put
together a simple web server that served an endpoint. All it did was return the
bytes representation of  `HOME` and not the sign up page of  tikTOK but yh it meant a lot to see that text in the browser. 
So as it stands the routing logic works. Http request are intercepted and sent to 
the method you provide for that path.AWESOME STUFF!.
I went ahead to replicate the endpoint serving logic and return different messages cause
we need to get sophisticated don't we? Today just before i wrote this down, i tested out the middleware 
funtionality by writing a simple http request logger middleware. All it does is 
prints the request method, url path requested and datetime to the console.

```csharp
var logger = async (RequestContext ctx) =>
{
    Console.WriteLine($"{ctx.Request.HttpMethod}  {ctx.Request.Url?.AbsolutePath}  {DateTime.UtcNow}");

};
```

Registered it in the router and boom! works. 
Going forward , i have included an `Examples` solution which will contain example projects showing 
how applications can be written with `Swytch`, test out new features added etc.

**New ideas**

After writing that simple server application ideas have been flooding in
for `Swytch`. Features to add that will make it a complete mini web framework
for writing static web apps?, APIs? ... even web applications?
Honestly looking forward to add all of these. 

So alas i shall leave you here with sample code of writing a simple server application
with `Swytch` but be sure to check the `Examples` solution going forward for full code sample projects.

```csharp
using System.Net;
using Swytch.Structures;
using Swytch.Utilies;
using swytch = Swytch.Router;

swytch.Swytch server = new swytch.Swytch();


//middlewares
var logger = async (RequestContext ctx) =>
{
    Console.WriteLine($"{ctx.Request.HttpMethod}  {ctx.Request.Url?.AbsolutePath}  {DateTime.UtcNow}");

};

//handlers

var home = async (RequestContext ctx) =>
{
    await Utilities.WriteStringToStream(ctx, "<h1>HOME</h1>", HttpStatusCode.OK);
};


server.UseAsMiddleWare(logger);
server.MapRoute("GET", "/", home);

await server.Listen("http://127.0.0.1:8080/")
```




