
## Minor code updates  

>18.02.24

Had time to work on Swytch a little this morning and 
there has been some code additions this morning mainly around the implementation of the url path matching logic. 
This first iteration is simple and straightforward. It's supposed to work and well for now. We will take a look at it
again later(Swytch should be in a ready to use state then).


**Also,**

while working on `swytch` this morning certain things became clearer as i saw it  begin to take shape(in my mind).
Certain ideas and workarounds for wrong assumptions i made earlier seem fit perfectly in the structure/architecture.
That felt good!.

For example. I have a structures namespace which will contain all types of structures used in the router class
and project as a whole. It contained the `Route` class only as of yesterday , now there is a `RequestContexct` class
which i added just this morning.

This is how I'm extending the `HttpListenerContext` class, by wrapping it in my own custom class and adding properties 
and methods i want. This was as a result of wanting to parse all path and query params into  a collection and make
them available fro retrieval in `RequestContext`.
.This way i have access to all the  context information coming in with the request and at the same time
my custom defined data like  `PathParams` property which contains  a mapping of path parameters 
retrieved from the request url.Similarly we now have a `QueryParam` property as well.


**Next,**

I don't think there will be  any further code updates around features or geared towards progress
until i have set up a test project in place. There is much to test now.  And to be honest i can't go any further without
verifying things are working so far.

untill nex time ..


