## Json And Static Files

> Devlog 25.06.24

At this point I am ashamed to bring up how long it has been since I last 
wrote a devlog but what matters is it's here now right? Lets begin.

### once a router, now a framework
In the first ever devlog I described `swytch` as a 'lightweight http router'.
That hasn't changed considering it still has that functionality, but somewhere along the lines 
and maybe I have always had the intention I got ideas... what if we added a few convinient feature methods 
,made it a tiny  bit opinionated, pushing towards a pattern at the same time encouraging 
freedom and flexibility with the usage of the class library? maybe we will have a lightweight framework ?
just maybe. The use of lightweight here is in no way insinuating I aim for `swytch` to be less efficient or less anything, but because its meant to
do less so you do more. 

So basically what I am communicating is a new direction,  steering this ship towards a stable, performant 
and exciting web framework. All decisions and feature additions will bear this in mind starting from

**the new utility methods**

` ServeFile`

I have added a new utility method that serves the content of a file from a directory in your base directory.
In the spirit of being a little opinionated , it looks for the files in a directory called `Statics` where the 
server is running. This a convenient for quickly serving html as response to an http request or  whatever use case
you can think of.



`WriteJsonToStream`

Who doesn't speak json right? this is a generic extension method on an object type that 
will serialize and write the object as a json response efficiently. The implementation as 
an extension method makes the method call look much more cleaner and intuitive and honestly i think that is how i should have implemented the rest. 
I have no intention of changing the existing methods. Might keep them and provide their  implementations that match this pattern sometime
later.
```csharp
  await car.WriteJsonToStream(context, HttpStatusCode.NotFound);
```

>Check out the Examples solution for the newly addded **JsonApi** api project that uses this method to serve json as response.

