## Multiple concurrent request handling operation, a game of tasks 

>Devlog 01.10.24

`Swytch` is built on top of the `HttpListener` class, and it's mainly because it provides a 
[a simple, programmatically controlled HTTP protocol listener](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.httplistener?view=net-8.0)
implementation. The `HttpListener` class itself has set of public types and  APIs that allow you to express HTTP request
handling logic in both synchronous and asynchronous fashion but that didn't really fit well with the architecture of `Swytch` so I
took a simpler alternative approach that will allow for a concurrent server. It was vital that the _http protocol listener_ was able to serve multiple requests
concurently and be resilient by making sure all operations and failures that will occur while handling a request was kept unique to that particular request only.


***Concurrency as a noun***

Almost every modern programing langauge provides some sort of language primitives  that will help you express the asynchronous 
structure of your code . Some concurrency models like the `async await` cut across various languages and even though the implementation may be 
a little different under the hood, the basic idea is similar. For example, the `aync await` model seems to require some 
sort of scheduler component that will manage the execution of asynchronous functions, managing their lifetimes and completions.
In the Javascript, the implementation that does this manifests as the `event loop`.I digress but
C sharp and the .NET platform provides a flavor of the`async await`concurrency model.A different implementation under the hood of course but using the async await keywords
you are able to express concurrent code and execution.  


**Task Parallel Library(TPL)**

The TPL is an abstraction built on top of the `Threadpool` class. It provides more programmatic control
when writing concurrent or parallel programs as well as ensuring efficient and scalable use of resources. 
The  TPL is built around the concept of `tasks`.A `task` represents an asynchronous operation and provides a way to run code asynchronously.
[In some ways, a task resembles a thread or ThreadPool work item but at a higher level of abstraction.](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/parallel-programming/task-based-asynchronous-programming) 
A `task` uses a `Threadpool` thread to
execute it's work.The TPL handles all the efficient scheduling and task executions using the `Threadpool`.

>Alternatively anyone could choose to approach concurrency with the` Threadpool` class directly. It provides
[a pool of threads that can be used to execute tasks, post work items, process asynchronous I/O, wait on behalf of other threads, and process timers.](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.threading.threadpool?view=net-8.0).
With the threadpool class you could queue a method for execution on a `Threadpool` worker thread directly. Nothing stops you.

The TPL exposes a set of public APIs that allow you to perform various asynchronous operations. for example

**Task.Run(()=> AysncMethod())**

`Task.Run`  schedules the asynchronous method to run on a `Threadpool` thread(creates and starting a task). What's important to 
note here is using `Task.Run` means the above `AsyncMethod` will
execute on a different thread other the one that called `Task.Run`. This is important and ideal 
because we require that a request is handled seperately from other requests and as a bonus this will allow to keep a thread 
uninterrupted and actively listening and accepting connections. With the help of  the `Task Parallel Library`, there is efficient thread management and as long as 
you write good concurrent request handling methods  that don't hold a thread for too long, by using async await to
perform I/O operations etc, threads will be free to be reused and you will not exhaust the threadpool.

**to conclude**

The server actively listens and accepts connections on one thread and pushes it to be handled on another.















